kajeet with I aiming texting pick sing
and more it's a cell phone just for you
exit to your holiday wish list and enjoy
the show the mysterious mystery of
malfunctions bit yeah what do you wish
to know well it all started with like
the other day but i'm sure you know what
is it totally flipping out the house
t'kul really because I guess I my dog
Tommy but I'm sure Eunice thank you at
first I just want you a shoe something
that upset like you see the jog right
shouldn't even wear shoes poor thing I
know we want to know whose phone mrs. I
know and for an extra Washington I will
tell you do say wait a minute it says it
belongs to the genital hands off my
party it's all starting to make sense
OMG we'll use these pictures as evidence
my sinister plan make toy got a pet whoo
mr. Chu so he invited from what company
was doing that ideas you think the
janitors mr. cusco dia controlling them
attack
to be continued
this episode has been brought to you by
Koji with I aiming texting fixing and
more it's the cell phone just for you I
Kochi to your holiday wish list today